Cloud Dedicated primers v1 API: auth and write (#4865)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/primers/_index.md

---
title: How existing InfluxDB workloads work
description: >

>   Learn to use InfluxDB Cloud Dedicated for existing write and query workloads coming from previous version of InfluxDB.

Author: ```suggestion
  Learn to use InfluxDB Cloud Dedicated for existing write and query workloads coming from InfluxDB version 1.x.
```
